# CONTRIBUTING

## Contents

  - [Maps & tiles](#Maps)
    - [Coordinates](#Coordinates)
    - [Matrix indices as coordinates](#Matrix)
  - [Angular](#Angular)


## Maps & tiles

This section's purpose is to elaborate on how the app core functionality, the map grid, is intended to work;

structure-wise, a tile is a pure object and carries its description data only - the type of object placed on the tile (and tile functionality derived from the type) and the tile sprite presented in view-mode.

### Coordinates

Location info, tile's X & Y coordinates are managed by the map which loads it.

The alternative in which the tile contains location info would limit tile reusability and while simplifying map admin UX would also increase amount of tile-oriented maintenance if a CMS approach to back-end services is taken.

### Matrix indices as coordinates

From a performance standpoint, derivind a tile's coordinates from a matrix is more performant in rendering a map but a tradeoff is in how map's tile info is stored and generated by the back-end.

## Angular

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.1.0.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
